README.md, before:

# Content Publishing Hub

This is a web application designed to streamline the content creation and publishing workflow. It allows users to manage content briefs across different domains, generate AI-powered hero images tailored to specific brand guides, and push content to a publishing endpoint via a webhook.

## Features

-   **Secure, Multi-Tenant Login:** Authenticate against a `users` collection. All data is scoped to the logged-in user's `clientId`.
-   **Domain Management:** Organize content by different domains or brands, specific to your client account.
-   **Content Brief Management:** Create new briefs via a form that submits to an n8n webhook, list existing briefs, and view/edit content.
-   **AI-Powered Image Generation:** Generate hero images for content based on the text and a configurable brand guide.
-   **Multimodal Image Styling:** Use a reference image to guide the AI's visual style.
-   **In-Prompt Image Editing:** Refine and edit generated images using simple text prompts.
-   **Brand Guides:** Define a unique "Tone of Voice" and "Image Style Prompt" for each domain to ensure brand consistency.
-   **Content Classification:** Categorize content as 'Blog', 'News', or 'Page' for correct placement on your website.
-   **Publishing & Scheduling Workflow:** Instantly publish content or schedule it for a future date and time. Each action calls a specific n8n webhook.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

-   A modern web browser.
-   A Google Gemini API Key.
-   A live backend with a REST API, an N8N instance, and a MongoDB database.

### Setup

1.  **Set up Environment Variables:**
    Create a `.env` file in the project's root directory. Copy the structure from the "`.env` File Example" section below and fill in your specific values. The application is configured to read these variables.

2.  **Configure Backend:**
    Using the schemas provided in the "Backend Setup Details" section, create the necessary collections in your MongoDB database and the corresponding webhook workflows in your N8N instance.
    
3.  **Implement Backend API:**
    Create a backend service (e.g., using Node.js/Express, Python/FastAPI) that exposes the API endpoints listed under "Connecting to a Live Backend". This service will handle authentication and database queries.

4.  **Run the application:**
    Open the `index.html` file in your browser. The application will load and connect to the services you configured.

---

## Configuration

### `.env` File Example

Create a file named `.env` in the root of your project and add the following keys. This file should **not** be committed to version control.

```env
# Your Google Gemini API Key
API_KEY="your_gemini_api_key_here"

# N8N Webhook Endpoints
N8N_WEBHOOK_NEW_BRIEF="https://your-n8n-instance.com/webhook/new-brief"
N8N_WEBHOOK_PUBLISH="https://your-n8n-instance.com/webhook/publish"
N8N_WEBHOOK_SCHEDULE="https://your-n8n-instance.com/webhook/schedule"

# MongoDB Configuration (for your N8N workflows and Backend API)
MONGODB_URL="mongodb+srv://user:password@cluster.mongodb.net/"
MONGODB_DATABASE="content_hub"

# MongoDB Collection Names
MONGODB_COLLECTION_USERS="users"
MONGODB_COLLECTION_CONTENT_BRIEFS="content_briefs"
MONGODB_COLLECTION_BRAND_GUIDES="brand_guides"
```

---

## Connecting to a Live Backend

This frontend application is now a "shell" that expects to communicate with a live backend API. All mock data has been removed. You must implement the following API endpoints in your backend.

**IMPORTANT:** Every endpoint must be authenticated and should use the `clientId` from the authenticated user's token/session to scope all database queries.

-   `POST /api/login`
    -   **Body:** `{ "email": "...", "password": "..." }`
    -   **Success Response (200 OK):** The full `User` object (without the password).
    -   **Failure Response (401 Unauthorized):** An error message.

-   `GET /api/domains?clientId={clientId}`
    -   **Success Response (200 OK):** An array of `Domain` objects.

-   `GET /api/brand-guides?clientId={clientId}`
    -   **Success Response (200 OK):** An array of `BrandGuide` objects.

-   `GET /api/content-briefs?clientId={clientId}`
    -   **Success Response (200 OK):** An array of `ContentBrief` objects.

---

## Backend Setup Details (N8N & MongoDB)

This section provides the schemas and workflow logic for the backend. **All API calls and database queries must be scoped by `clientId` for security.**

### MongoDB Collection Schemas

#### 1. `users`

| Field | Type | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| `_id` | ObjectId | MongoDB's unique identifier. |
| `email` | String | The user's email address for login. **Required, Unique.** |
| `password` | String | The user's password. **STRONGLY RECOMMEND HASHING with bcrypt.** |
| `role` | String | User role (e.g., "client", "admin"). |
| `clientId` | String | An identifier for the client the user belongs to. **Required.** |
| `created_at` | ISODate | Timestamp of user creation. |

#### 2. `brand_guides`

| Field | Type | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| `_id` | ObjectId | MongoDB's unique identifier. |
| `domainId` | String | A unique identifier for the domain (e.g., "xxx", "yyy"). **Required.** |
| `clientId` | String | The client this guide belongs to. **Required, Indexed.** |
| `stylePrompt`| String | The detailed text prompt describing the desired image style. **Required.** |
| `toneOfVoice`| String | The guide for the content's writing style. **Required.** |
| `styleImageUrl`| String | (Optional) A URL of a reference image for styling. |

#### 3. `content_briefs`

| Field | Type | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| `_id` | ObjectId | MongoDB's unique identifier. |
| `domainId` | String | The domain this content belongs to. **Required.** |
| `clientId` | String | The client this brief belongs to. **Required, Indexed.** |
| `title` | String | The title of the article. **Required.** |
| `brief` | String | The original content brief provided by the user. **Required.** |
| `content` | String | The main body of the content, which can be edited. **Required.** |
| `status` | String | The current status of the brief. Can be 'Draft', 'Published', or 'Scheduled'. **Required.** |
| `contentType` | String | The type of content. Can be 'Blog', 'News', or 'Page'. **Required.** |
| `heroImageUrl`| String | (Optional) URL of the generated hero image. |
| `createdAt` | ISODate | The timestamp when the brief was created. **Required.** |
| `scheduledAt` | ISODate | (Optional) The timestamp when the content is scheduled to be published. |

---

### N8N Workflow Logic

#### Webhook 1: New Content Brief Creation (`/webhook/new-brief`)

-   **Trigger:** `POST` request.
-   **Expected Body:** `{ "title": "...", "brief": "...", "domainId": "...", "clientId": "..." }`
-   **Logic:**
    1.  Receive the webhook.
    2.  (Optional) Use a Gemini node to generate an initial paragraph of content from the `brief`.
    3.  Use a MongoDB node to **insert** a new document into the `content_briefs` collection, ensuring the `clientId` from the payload is saved.
    4.  Respond to the webhook with the full document created in MongoDB.

#### Webhook 2: Content Publishing (`/webhook/publish`)

-   **Trigger:** `POST` request.
-   **Expected Body:** `{ "id": "...", "title": "...", "content": "...", "heroImageUrl": "...", "domainId": "...", "clientId": "...", "contentType": "..." }`
-   **Logic:**
    1.  Receive the webhook.
    2.  Use a MongoDB node to find and **update** the document where `_id` matches `id` AND `clientId` matches `clientId`. This prevents users from one client from publishing content for another. Update status to "Published".
    3.  Use a WordPress, Ghost, or HTTP Request node to send the content to your CMS for immediate publication.
    4.  Respond with a success message.

#### Webhook 3: Content Scheduling (`/webhook/schedule`)

-   **Trigger:** `POST` request.
-   **Expected Body:** `{ "id": "...", "title": "...", "content": "...", "heroImageUrl": "...", "domainId": "...", "clientId": "...", "contentType": "...", "scheduledAt": "..." }`
-   **Logic:**
    1.  Receive the webhook.
    2.  Use a MongoDB node to find and **update** the document (matching on `_id` AND `clientId`) to set the `status` to "Scheduled" and the `scheduledAt` timestamp.
    3.  The workflow should then either use a "Wait" node or be part of a separate cron-triggered workflow that queries for posts where `scheduledAt` is in the past, `status` is "Scheduled", and `clientId` matches.
    4.  Once the time is reached, publish the content using the same logic as the "Publish" webhook.
    5.  After successful publication, update the brief's `status` in MongoDB to "Published".
    6.  Respond immediately to the initial webhook call with a success message.

Commit message:

feat(services): Implement mock API for development
Replaces placeholder API service functions with mock implementations.
This allows for frontend development and testing without a live backend.
Includes sample data for domains, brand guides, and content briefs.

The README has also been updated to reflect the development mode and provide instructions for switching to a live backend.
The auth service has been updated to include mock login functionality.

README.md, after:

# IMPORTANT: Running in Development Mode

This application is currently configured to run in a **development mode** using a **mock API layer**. This means:

1.  **You can log in and test the entire UI.**
2.  **The application is populated with sample data.**

This setup allows you to develop and test the frontend application without needing a live, running backend.

## Development Login Credentials

-   **Email:** `test@example.com`
-   **Password:** `password`

---

## Switching to Production

Before deploying your application, you **must** connect it to your live backend. To do this, go into the files in the `/services` directory (`authService.ts`, `apiService.ts`, `n8nService.ts`) and replace the mock, development-only functions with real `fetch` calls to your API endpoints.

---

# Content Publishing Hub

This is a web application designed to streamline the content creation and publishing workflow. It allows users to manage content briefs across different domains, generate AI-powered hero images tailored to specific brand guides, and push content to a publishing endpoint via a webhook.

## Features

-   **Secure, Multi-Tenant Login:** Authenticate against a `users` collection. All data is scoped to the logged-in user's `clientId`.
-   **Domain Management:** Organize content by different domains or brands, specific to your client account.
-   **Content Brief Management:** Create new briefs via a form that submits to an n8n webhook, list existing briefs, and view/edit content.
-   **AI-Powered Image Generation:** Generate hero images for content based on the text and a configurable brand guide.
-   **Multimodal Image Styling:** Use a reference image to guide the AI's visual style.
-   **In-Prompt Image Editing:** Refine and edit generated images using simple text prompts.
-   **Brand Guides:** Define a unique "Tone of Voice" and "Image Style Prompt" for each domain to ensure brand consistency.
-   **Content Classification:** Categorize content as 'Blog', 'News', or 'Page' for correct placement on your website.
-   **Publishing & Scheduling Workflow:** Instantly publish content or schedule it for a future date and time. Each action calls a specific n8n webhook.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

-   A modern web browser.
-   A Google Gemini API Key.
-   A live backend with a REST API, an N8N instance, and a MongoDB database.

### Setup

1.  **Set up Environment Variables:**
    Create a `.env` file in the project's root directory. Copy the structure from the "`.env` File Example" section below and fill in your specific values. The application is configured to read these variables.

2.  **Configure Backend:**
    Using the schemas provided in the "Backend Setup Details" section, create the necessary collections in your MongoDB database and the corresponding webhook workflows in your N8N instance.
    
3.  **Implement Backend API:**
    Create a backend service (e.g., using Node.js/Express, Python/FastAPI) that exposes the API endpoints listed under "Connecting to a Live Backend". This service will handle authentication and database queries.

4.  **Run the application:**
    Open the `index.html` file in your browser. The application will load and connect to the services you configured.

---

## Configuration

### `.env` File Example

Create a file named `.env` in the root of your project and add the following keys. This file should **not** be committed to version control.

```env
# Your Google Gemini API Key
API_KEY="your_gemini_api_key_here"

# N8N Webhook Endpoints
N8N_WEBHOOK_NEW_BRIEF="https://your-n8n-instance.com/webhook/new-brief"
N8N_WEBHOOK_PUBLISH="https://your-n8n-instance.com/webhook/publish"
N8N_WEBHOOK_SCHEDULE="https://your-n8n-instance.com/webhook/schedule"

# MongoDB Configuration (for your N8N workflows and Backend API)
MONGODB_URL="mongodb+srv://user:password@cluster.mongodb.net/"
MONGODB_DATABASE="content_hub"

# MongoDB Collection Names
MONGODB_COLLECTION_USERS="users"
MONGODB_COLLECTION_CONTENT_BRIEFS="content_briefs"
MONGODB_COLLECTION_BRAND_GUIDES="brand_guides"
```

---

## Connecting to a Live Backend

This frontend application is a "shell" that expects to communicate with a live backend API. You must implement the following API endpoints in your backend.

**IMPORTANT:** Every endpoint must be authenticated and should use the `clientId` from the authenticated user's token/session to scope all database queries.

-   `POST /api/login`
    -   **Body:** `{ "email": "...", "password": "..." }`
    -   **Success Response (200 OK):** The full `User` object (without the password).
    -   **Failure Response (401 Unauthorized):** An error message.

-   `GET /api/domains`
    -   **Success Response (200 OK):** An array of `Domain` objects for the authenticated user's clientId.

-   `GET /api/brand-guides`
    -   **Success Response (200 OK):** An array of `BrandGuide` objects for the authenticated user's clientId.

-   `GET /api/content-briefs`
    -   **Success Response (200 OK):** An array of `ContentBrief` objects for the authenticated user's clientId.

---

## Backend Setup Details (N8N & MongoDB)

This section provides the schemas and workflow logic for the backend. **All API calls and database queries must be scoped by `clientId` for security.**

### MongoDB Collection Schemas

#### 1. `users`

| Field | Type | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| `_id` | ObjectId | MongoDB's unique identifier. |
| `email` | String | The user's email address for login. **Required, Unique.** |
| `password` | String | The user's password. **STRONGLY RECOMMEND HASHING with bcrypt.** |
| `role` | String | User role (e.g., "client", "admin"). |
| `clientId` | String | An identifier for the client the user belongs to. **Required.** |
| `created_at` | ISODate | Timestamp of user creation. |

#### 2. `brand_guides`

| Field | Type | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| `_id` | ObjectId | MongoDB's unique identifier. |
| `domainId` | String | A unique identifier for the domain (e.g., "xxx", "yyy"). **Required.** |
| `clientId` | String | The client this guide belongs to. **Required, Indexed.** |
| `stylePrompt`| String | The detailed text prompt describing the desired image style. **Required.** |
| `toneOfVoice`| String | The guide for the content's writing style. **Required.** |
| `styleImageUrl`| String | (Optional) A URL of a reference image for styling. |

#### 3. `content_briefs`

| Field | Type | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| `_id` | ObjectId | MongoDB's unique identifier. |
| `domainId` | String | The domain this content belongs to. **Required.** |
| `clientId` | String | The client this brief belongs to. **Required, Indexed.** |
| `title` | String | The title of the article. **Required.** |
| `brief` | String | The original content brief provided by the user. **Required.** |
| `content` | String | The main body of the content, which can be edited. **Required.** |
| `status` | String | The current status of the brief. Can be 'Draft', 'Published', or 'Scheduled'. **Required.** |
| `contentType` | String | The type of content. Can be 'Blog', 'News', or 'Page'. **Required.** |
| `heroImageUrl`| String | (Optional) URL of the generated hero image. |
| `createdAt` | ISODate | The timestamp when the brief was created. **Required.** |
| `scheduledAt` | ISODate | (Optional) The timestamp when the content is scheduled to be published. |

---

### N8N Workflow Logic

#### Webhook 1: New Content Brief Creation (`/webhook/new-brief`)

-   **Trigger:** `POST` request.
-   **Expected Body:** `{ "title": "...", "brief": "...", "domainId": "...", "clientId": "..." }`
-   **Logic:**
    1.  Receive the webhook.
    2.  (Optional) Use a Gemini node to generate an initial paragraph of content from the `brief`.
    3.  Use a MongoDB node to **insert** a new document into the `content_briefs` collection, ensuring the `clientId` from the payload is saved.
    4.  Respond to the webhook with the full document created in MongoDB.

#### Webhook 2: Content Publishing (`/webhook/publish`)

-   **Trigger:** `POST` request.
-   **Expected Body:** `{ "id": "...", "title": "...", "content": "...", "heroImageUrl": "...", "domainId": "...", "clientId": "...", "contentType": "..." }`
-   **Logic:**
    1.  Receive the webhook.
    2.  Use a MongoDB node to find and **update** the document where `_id` matches `id` AND `clientId` matches `clientId`. This prevents users from one client from publishing content for another. Update status to "Published".
    3.  Use a WordPress, Ghost, or HTTP Request node to send the content to your CMS for immediate publication.
    4.  Respond with a success message.

#### Webhook 3: Content Scheduling (`/webhook/schedule`)

-   **Trigger:** `POST` request.
-   **Expected Body:** `{ "id": "...", "title": "...", "content": "...", "heroImageUrl": "...", "domainId": "...", "clientId": "...", "contentType": "...", "scheduledAt": "..." }`
-   **Logic:**
    1.  Receive the webhook.
    2.  Use a MongoDB node to find and **update** the document (matching on `_id` AND `clientId`) to set the `status` to "Scheduled" and the `scheduledAt` timestamp.
    3.  The workflow should then either use a "Wait" node or be part of a separate cron-triggered workflow that queries for posts where `scheduledAt` is in the past, `status` is "Scheduled", and `clientId` matches.
    4.  Once the time is reached, publish the content using the same logic as the "Publish" webhook.
    5.  After successful publication, update the brief's `status` in MongoDB to "Published".
    6.  Respond immediately to the initial webhook call with a success message.
